Encourage using $set events for setting user properties (#8706)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/getting-started/_snippets/user-properties-how-to-set.mdx

> The recommended way to set properties in person profiles is to use `$set`:

Reviewer: I slightly messed with this in my merge (because I didn't realize we were recommending sending a `$set` event too). I think this wording captures what you're going for. 
```suggestion
The recommended way to set properties in person profiles is to send a `$set` event with a `$set` property:
```
